I Learned lot While reading tutorial on AI

1) The development of AI is possible in two categories- programming, and engineering. Proper coordination between these two leads to developing AI-enabled products, 
like speech recognition technologies. AI is at its growth stage right now.

2) AI has heavily influenced different sectors that we may not recognize. Ray Kurzweil says “Many thousands of AI applications are deeply embedded 
in the infrastructure of every industry.” John McCarthy, one of the founders of AI, once said that “as soon as it works, no one calls it AI anymore.”

It is undeniably true that someday, AI will replace a lot of jobs that humans do, as well as it will create many and different job opportunities 
in related fields. In order to be in the loop, everyone must have at least some information regarding AI.
The information regarding the AADHAR Cards of Indian citizens can be an example of big data. The posts that we like, view, share, or comment on
Facebook are also an example of big data. AI has enabled programs to analyze trends in these data and act accordingly.

Farmlogs are software that simplifies the work of farmers by providing them information about the weather, fields, and soil. It is also helping
them track irregular plant growth. This is helping them in achieving better profits.

I learn about BOT:-
A BOT is the most basic example of a weak AI that can do automated tasks on your behalf. Chatbots were one of the first automated
programs to be called “bots.” You need AI and ML for your chatbots. Web crawlers used by Search Engines like Google are a perfect example of a sophisticated and advanced BOT.
a) xpath – This will help you to inspect and target HTML and build your bot from what you see there.
b) regex – This will help you to process the data you feed your bot by cleaning up or targeting (or both) the parts that matter to your logic.
c) REST – This is really important as you will eventually work with APIs. You can use requests to do this.
